Question from user MiA MiA: "Hello teacher,
may I ask how to
overcome boredom and procrastination?
I feel a real lack of motivation to
study and work. Thank you very much." "So, that
means she has a tendency to procrastinate, meaning she
doesn't want to do it and lacks motivation,
right?" "Yes, ma'am." "Actually,
motivation isn't that
hard to find. Some
people have too many dreams, some have
none at all. It's the dreams themselves that
will be
your motivation. And procrastination
stems from a lazy mind." I'll
talk about cause and effect so you can transform it
faster. For example, when it's cold, and the
blanket is warm,
you think, "Okay, get up!" Then you set the alarm for 4:00,
then 4:50, then another 4:50. That
's the cause of procrastination.
Procrastination is just procrastination; it means you'll postpone small
tasks,
big tasks, and even major ones.  Regarding
procrastination, she said that you should resolve
this procrastination issue first.
No one can help us; we
have to solve this problem ourselves.
You need a
clear schedule and a
clear timeframe for completion. For example, just
cleaning the house requires a
specific timeframe. If you become more organized,
you will eliminate the
habit of procrastination. This habit is the root cause of procrastination, the cause of
subsequent procrastination. The
main cause of procrastination
is laziness in the mind.
She also shared with you, those who practice meditation,
that in the Eightfold Path of Enlightenment, the
Buddha taught that
laziness leads to damnation. That means
abandoning all things, from one laziness to
another, is very painful. So,
right now, if you live
at home, you should be determined not to
let your house
get dirty, keep your belongings tidy, and maintain a clear
schedule.  Being punctual in
studying requires determination. For example,
there are procrastinations that
many people often fall into. For instance, while
working, you might have your phone nearby. You're trying to think, but the idea is
n't coming to fruition, and you grab your phone, open it, open it, open it, open it, open it, open it, open it, open it, open it, open it, open it, open it, open it, open it, open it, open it, open it, open it, open it, open it, open it, open it,
close ...  The plan is to figure out
how to do things, and it's this mindset of
not procrastinating that gives you the
motivation to live, that is, the
motivation to work. The motivation to work is the
motivation to live, isn't it?
So, if you're a student studying abroad,
you know that you have to study there,
and secondly, if possible,
you have to earn money. Therefore, you must
eliminate laziness, and you
will study hard. Eliminating
laziness will make you work hard, study hard, and
work hard – that's the motivation to live. There
's nothing else besides working hard. Everything
will generate motivation; everything
will generate
motivation. I will guide
you in detail in each
small thing, and
that will generate the motivation
to work. That is, the motivation to work is when
you understand cause and effect, and
you will generate
motivation to eliminate laziness. For example, when the alarm
clock rings, you notice
laziness, and you eliminate laziness. That's it.
Overcoming laziness
will give you motivation to live, motivation to
contribute, and many other motivations.
Therefore, laziness is a
very high risk that causes people to
encounter
undesirable situations. The Buddha taught that giving
brings happiness, but laziness
makes you selfish, and selfishness
prevents you from giving. Therefore,
procrastination is a new form of laziness.
We
must practice a
diligent and generous spirit and have a
proper schedule to overcome
this. Thank you, teacher. And
MiA, through
Ms. Yen's answer, you have probably gained
more knowledge. That is, procrastination
originates from laziness,
and first, we must
eliminate that laziness by
having a schedule and setting
specific plans for each task.
Once we have set a schedule,
we must resolutely follow it.
I set that goal
so I could overcome my laziness.
Yes, thank you very much.
[Music]
Ms. I